# The-Greatest-Contribution-To-Mortality-Rates
In my Regression Analysis class, worked on a group project using the R Programming language.  

In this project, we help determine what variables add the most contribution to mortality by observing correlation matrix, plotting graphs, reading ANOVA table, collinearity, multilinear regression, and more. Afterwards, I was able to communicate with my professor on how this story portrays a spiritual component that needs to be visualized, by which the professor was open to listening. I learned the beauty of data visualization and using data to speak on heartbreaking realities that connect and lead to increased mortality rates, as well as tell one of the most amazing stories of all time: the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Although climate change, high divorce rates, obesity rates, poverty, unequal distribution of financial resources that lead to high crime rates because of frustration, sex trafficking (seeing women as commoditites) and being raised with poor education, cancer, and so many other diseases and problems faced in the world, we have to study what is the greatest factor that comes into play. 

Should policies like, for example, changing gun laws or increasing taxes on harmful, toxic commodities be our solution? Or should we try to understand that we shouldn't merely change what is on the outside, but the internal climate of our soul-our system (SOLAR SYSTEM). All sin leads to death, in turning away from God to worship, and place our affections on the things of this world above Him (Romans 6:23). But, Jesus Christ died and rose again to give everlasting life, to restore broken souls to come to know Him, and do the greatest data cleansing of all: so that we can have and come to a 100% accuracy of understanding who He is, by faith and prayer, to understand the deepest learning of knowing God. When neurons in our brain are misfiring and giving us the wrong signals, He can optimize our neural network so that we can immediately come to grips with Him despite the time complexity. He can give us the desire to love a broken humanity, imperfect as we are, and resurrect damaged databases of human hearts. The main takeaway of this project is to look within in light of how God sees us, and see what needs to change (internal climate change), and put our faith in Him. This project was used as motivation and a challenge to see: how should I steward scarce resources, and not be so gripped with loving everything I see around me that I neglect the desire to care for people. So, after analyzing the dataset given, the optimal decision is to love and live for Christ and love humanity in His power.
